feat: Add docs for flowise and llmama index (#698)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/flowise.md

---
title: Flowise
description: Learn how to integrate Apify with Flowise.
sidebar_position: 11.22
slug: /integrations/flowise
---

# Flowise

**Learn how to integrate Apify with Flowise.**

---

> For more information on Flowise, visit [documentation](https://flowiseai.com/).

## What is Flowise?

Flowise is an open-source UI visual tool to build your customized LLM flow using Langchain.

## How to use Apify with Flowise?

If you have any experience with Flowise, you need to download and run it locally.
You can find the instructions [here](https://github.com/FlowiseAI/Flowise#quick-start).

> After you have Flowise running, you can start building your flow with Apify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running Flowise, you can start building your flow with Apify.
```

> In the first step, you need to create a new flow in the web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to create a new flow in the web UI.
```

In the left menu, you need to find Apify Website Content Crawler under Document Loaders.

![Flowise and Apify](images/flowise.png)

> Then, you need to configure the crawler. You can find more information about the crawler [here](https://apify.com/apify/website-content-crawler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you need to configure the crawler. You can find more information about the crawler [here](https://apify.com/apify/website-content-crawler).
```

> In the configuration, you need to provide your Apify API token, which you can find in your [Apify account](https://my.apify.com/account#/integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the configuration, provide your Apify API token, which you can find in your [Apify account](https://my.apify.com/account#/integrations).
```

You can add more loaders, or you can add some processors to process the data.

> In our case, we create the flow which loads data from Apify docs using Website Content Crawler and save them into in-memory vector database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case, we create the flow that loads data from the Apify docs using Website Content Crawler and save them into the in-memory vector database.
```

> We connect the ChatOpenAI and the OpenAI embeddings and QA retrieval into the chatbot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the ChatOpenAI and the OpenAI embeddings and QA retrieval into the chatbot.
```
